{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24700\viewh17920\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 1. What is delegation and why do iOS developers use it? \
\
Delegation is a design pattern that enables a class or structure to had off (or delegate) some of its responsibilities to an instance of another type. \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 It\'92s value lies in that it allows developers to easily customize the behavior of several objects in one central object.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
2. Why is a table view's data source a kind of delegation? And how does it differ from a table view's delegate?\
\
The data source supplies the table-view object with the information it needs to build and modify a table view. The table view\'92s delegate provides that information.\
\
3. Why use animation in the table when adding, removing, or reordering items?\
\
Animation provides visual cues to the user that an action is being carried out.\
\
4. Why use a model? Why not just update an array of items directly in your table?\
\
Models can be used anywhere and are a bit more flexible.\
\
5. When do you call\'a0reloadData? When don't you?\
\
You call it when you need to reload the data used to construct the table, such as cells, section headers and footer, and so on. It shouldn\'92t be called in methods that insert or delete rows.\
\
}